---
icon: material/nintendo-game-boy
---

# Game Cartridges: Vol 2

**Difficulty**: :fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-regular-star::fontawesome-regular-star:<br/>
**Direct link**: --

## Objective

!!! question "Request"
    Find the second Gamegosling cartridge and beat the game.

??? quote "Tinsel Upatree"
    I can't believe I was actually able to find this underground cavern!<br/>
    I discovered what looked liike an old pirate map in the attic of one of those huts in Rainraster Cliffs, and it actually led somewhere!<br/>
    But now that I've seen where it leads, I think this might've been a bad idea. This place is scary! Maybe you want to take it from here?<br/><br/>
    There are 3 buried treasures in total, each in its own uncharted area around Geese Islands.<br/>
    I've been searching for a bit, but the mustiness down here is making me sneeze!<br/>
    Maybe you'll be able to find it. Here, use my Gameboy Cartridge Detector. Go into your items and test it to make sure it's still working.<br/>
    When you get close to the treasure, it'll start sounding off. The closer you get, the louder the sound.<br/>
    No need to activate or fiddle with it. It just works!<br/>
    I bet it's somewhere right... near... ACHOOO!<br/>
    If you find the treasure, come back and show me, and I'll tell you what I was able to research about it.<br/>
    Good luck!<br/><br/>
    Whoa, you found it!<br/>
    What version is it?<br/>
    Did you know that many games had multiple versions released? Word is: volume 2 has 2 versions!<br/>

## Hints

??? tip "Gameboy 2"
    *From: Tinsel Upatree*<br/>
    *Objective: Game Cartridges: Vol 2*<br/>
    Try poking around Pixel Island. There really aren't many places you can go here, so try stepping everywhere and see what you get!

??? tip "Gameboy 2"
    *From: Tinsel Upatree*<br/>
    *Objective: Game Cartridges: Vol 2*<br/>
    1) This feels the same, but different! 2) If it feels like you are going crazy, you probably are! Or maybe, just maybe, you've not yet figured out where the hidden ROM is hiding. 3) I think I may need to get a DIFFerent perspective. 4) I wonder if someone can give me a few pointers to swap.

## Solution
TBD


!!! success "Answer"
    TBD

## Response

!!! quote "Insert Elf Name"
    TBD
